[Music]
three steps to choose the perfect pair
of jeans without trying them on just as
there is comfort food
there are also comfort clothes if life
seems to be sending nothing but problems
your way if the weather is far from
perfect even if you're just in a hurry
what clothes do you choose to throw on
you probably won't be surprised to know
that in most cases most of us opt for a
trusty pair of jeans how can you find
the perfect pair of jeans for you and an
even more boggling question how to
choose your ideal pair without even
trying them on life is really
unpredictable so you might not have time
to check if a certain article of
clothing fits you or perhaps the line to
the fitting room is way too long and a
huge waste of your time in this video
you will find three simple steps to help
you not only easily pick out the jeans
of your dreams but also avoid that
time-consuming fitting room not to
mention you'll find a bonus for sharp
dressers who choose skinny jeans as well
as some advice on how to choose a pair
of jeans perfect for your body type step
number one choose the size to choose the
right size hold your jeans at both ends
of the waistband and try to wrap the
waistband around your neck if one end
easily reaches the other it's your size
please note that the end of the
waistband don't necessarily have to meet
precisely but they should wrap easily
around your neck step number two to find
the width now let's try to find the
perfect width to do this bend your arm
at the elbow and clench your fist your
forearm should easily fit into a zipped
up waistband
note that this trick will only work for
those who wear jeans with a standard
waist of course if they're high-waisted
jeans your forearm won't fit into the
waist completely just one more step left
and you can hurry to the checkouts
step number three let's finally check if
the jeans are long enough hold the top
and bottom ends of the legs in each hand
and stretch your arms out to the sides
as far as you can if the middle of the
jeans hangs right under your chin
congratulations you've chosen a great
pair an important detail the middle
should be right under your chin at neck
level bonus for sharp dressers how to
check if your foot will easily fit into
ski jeans
are you one of those people who prefer
their jeans to fit snug if so pay close
attention to this tip if you want to
know how easy it will be to put on a
pair of skinny jeans just clench your
hand into a fist and see if it fits the
protruding bones of your knuckles should
easily pass into the lake opening
without stretching the hem one simple
movement now means no painful struggle
up pulling up your jeans in the future
and now let's take a look at a cheat
sheet for picking styles and fits if you
know which style of jeans suits your
body type best you will always be able
to find a pair flattering for your
figure there are five types of figure
round rectangle triangle inverted
triangle and hourglass you need to
define your type but be critical and
objective no cheating
round if you've decided that your figure
is round these types of jeans will suit
you classic or straight leg high-waisted
medium rise Flair wide leg and bootcut
see so many choices rectangle if your
body shape is a rectangle and you're
searching for the perfect pair of jeans
pay attention to these styles skinny
boyfriend high-waisted low-rise classic
straight leg and cropped
triangle for those who have a triangular
figure the following types of genes will
be ideal
skinny classic straight leg medium rise
and bootcut inverted triangle have you
figured out that your body shape
resembles an inverted triangle then here
are tips for genes that will make you
look amazing classic straight leg
boyfriend low-rise flare wide leg and
bootcut hourglass and if your figure
resembles an hourglass pick these jeans
to look your best
skinny classic straight leg boyfriend
high-waisted medium rise low-rise flare
wide leg bootcut and cropped wait a
minute is it that every single style of
jeans in existence well aren't you a
lucky one you can find more information
about how to choose the perfect pair of
jeans for your body type just click on
the link on top but understanding which
fit and style of jeans is best for you
isn't the only issue at hand to enjoy
your favorite flattering clothes as long
as possible you need to check the
quality of the pair you picked and we're
ready to tell you what to pay attention
to first of all the fabric should be
heavy you'll be able to tell as soon as
you touch the denim a well-made pair of
jeans feel stronger and heavier than
those made from cheaply woven fabric try
to guesstimate the weight of the pair
you've picked out typically if it's less
than 12 ounces about the weight of a can
of soup it's considered lightweight
denim it may turn out to be of a lower
quality this of course doesn't concern
the jeans you wear in the summer those
are specially designed to be lightweight
and don't worry if the heavier pair
you're trying on doesn't feel all that
comfortable
[Music]
it takes some time to break them in once
you do your jeans will feel custom-made
unlike their cheaper lighter siblings
pay attention to stitches stitches
around the pockets side seams and hems
are also a pretty good indicator of a
high quality product you need proper
strong and durable stitches and won't
let you down even if you're trying to
climb a tree or jump over a fence
so if you see chain stitching or double
stitching grab this pair up without a
second thought
contemplate the color you can tell
whether or not a pair of jeans is high
quality just by looking at its color
high quality jeans will have strong and
concentrated color well the color of a
pair of low quality jeans will look
faded and dim here we're not talking
about those trendy jeans that are
designed to look worn-out custom sizing
if you see that a store offers custom
sizing you can be sure that their jeans
are top-notch custom tailoring takes
time effort and additional work it's not
worth doing if the jeans they sell
aren't up to par stretchy but not too
much stretchy jeans usually fodder your
best parts luckily there is an easy way
to check out that their quality is you
see a well-made pair of jeans will
stretch but only so far the percentage
of spandex or lycra in their composition
shouldn't exceed 2% if the number is
higher there's a risk that your jeans
will be stretch out and start sagging do
you have a favorite pair of jeans what
is so special about them tell us in the
comments below share this video with
your friends if they are also big fans
of denim do you know where you can find
many more interesting videos on the
bright side subscribe to our Channel and
stay tuned
you